Clean up README (#11)
edgedb/edgedb-net: README.md

## Installation

EdgeDB.Net is distributed through the NuGet package manager.
We recommend using the `dotnet` command or NuGet package manager in Visual
Studio:

```bash
$ dotnet add package EdgeDB.Net.Driver
```

## Basic usage

### Creating a client

Clients are what allow your code to talk and interface with EdgeDB. The
[`EdgeDBClient`](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/clients/dotnet/api#EdgeDB.EdgeDBClient)
class contains a pool of connections and numerous abstractions for executing
queries with ease:

```cs
using EdgeDB;

var client = new EdgeDBClient();
```

### Client configuration

`EdgeDBClient` will automatically determine how to connect to your EdgeDB

> instance through [EdgeDB Projects](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/intro/projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance by resolving [EdgeDB Projects](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/intro/projects).
```

var client = new EdgeDBClient(connection);
```

### Executing queries

**Note**: EdgeDB.Net is a fully asynchronous driver, and as such, all I/O
operations are performed asynchronously.

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Don't see a reason for this here

Queries are executed through the `EdgeDBClient` by using different helper
methods. Your choice of method is dependent on the kind of query you're making,
better known as [cardinality](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/clients/dotnet/index#cardinality-and-return-types).

> Query helper methods will expect a generic `T` type. It's recommended to use
> the [.NET version of an EdgeDB type](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/clients/dotnet/datatypes#datatypes),
> shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query helper methods will expect a generic `T` type which is the [.NET version of an EdgeDB type](https://www.edgedb.com/docs/clients/dotnet/datatypes#datatypes):
```

```cs
var result = await client.QueryAsync<long>("select 2 + 2"); // returns 4
```

## Contributing

We openly welcome and accept contributions to EdgeDB.Net! Before writing a
GitHub Issue or Pull Request, please see our [contribution requirements](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Examples

> This repository contains a list of [working examples](examples/EdgeDB.Examples.CSharp/Examples),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a list of [working examples](examples),
```
Should point to all examples (F#, ASP, C#)

check them out to see EdgeDB.Net in action!

> We also have a [demo ASP.NET project](https://github.com/quinchs/EdgeDB.Net/tree/dev/examples/EdgeDB.Examples.ExampleTODOApi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Could be reworded in above sentence

## Compiling

> If you're building EdgeDB.Net from its source, you will need to download the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're building EdgeDB.Net from source, you will need to download the
```

[.NET 6 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).
  

> Once you have the SDK installed, you can then run `dotnet` in the root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the SDK installed, you can then run `dotnet build` in the root
```

Reviewer: I feel like having "`dotnet build`" with no extra args as bot a inline block and code block is repetitive (and breaks grices maximn) :/ but having the single command (dotnet) here for building and testing also doensn't feel right

directory of the project:

```bash
$ dotnet build
```

## Testing

> You can run the test suite by using `dotnet` like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the test suite by using `dotnet test` like so:
```
